---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Blog
---

# Communities of Practice
A community of practice or CoP is a group of people who share an interest, craft, or profession. Some of things that occur
within a CoP are the following

- People voluntarily spend time helping others in a community of practice
- CoPs focus on adding value to their members
- The success of a CoP is measured in anecdotes, efficiencies, and employee satisfaction
- The members of a CoP volunteer their expertise to create new enhancements
- A CoP is built around conversation

CoP's can help an organization navigate through major changes, increase productivity, cut duplication, and make work more
enjoyable. We see this on open-source projects. When working on a big and active open-source project, without a CoP, one would
see how there would be utter chaos.

> All the above information was gathered from this [article](https://opensource.com/life/11/11/community-practice-more-website)

# Blog 03/29/2019
During our last meeting, we further discussed how we could contribute to [freeCodeCamp](s.hunter.cuny.edu/~saad/courses/alg/) and as a group we looked at the guides
that freeCodeCamp offer. To be more specific, each of us looked at the languages we were most familiar with to see if
something is not completely accurate or is something is missing. I looked into the JSX section within the [ReactJS guide](https://guide.freecodecamp.org/react/jsx/).
While I was personally learning ReactJS, I used a tool on the [Babel](https://babeljs.io/repl) website which allowed me to see how Babel converts JSX
to HTML. This made it easier for me to see what exactly I was doing in JSX since I am pretty familiar with HTML. I felt like
this tool would be useful for anybody else who is currently learning ReactJS and might be confused about JSX so I made a pull
request with the link added to JSX section and... IT WAS [MERGED](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/35691)!!!! I actually had to make two pull request because on my
first attempt I used the command

```
git add .
```

which adds changes to files that occur. I saw that my pull requests had about 2000 additions and deletions even though
I only wanted to add a link so I made another pull requests and specifically added the file using

```
git add <file path>
```

The community was very helpful especially after they saw that I closed my first pull request because of the amount of
additions and deletions. They commented explaining why that might have happened and they were super nice.
