---
layout: post
title: Week 13 Blog
---

# Weekly Readings
This week we had the following readings:
- [Cathedral and the Bazaar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/) by Eric S. Raymond
- [Producing Open Source Software](https://producingoss.com/) by Karl Fogel
- [Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software](https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.html) by Richard Stallman
- [Musings on Open Source Software Business Models](https://spot.livejournal.com/327801.html) by Tom Callaway

I've read most of these articles for class last semester but I don't believe that I have commented on the Cathedral and the Bazaar in any of my blog post from this or last semester so I will comment on now.

### Cathedral and the Bazaar
The difference between the Cathedral and the Bazaar is to me a distinct one.

The cathedral in my opinion is similar to how proprietary software is developed. You have a defined group of developers developing the software. Nobody outside of that defined group is involved and ideas or patches from the outside will most likely be ignored. Essentially, once the product is built then there's nothing else to be done. No cathedral is a continuous work in process but rather a finished product.

The Bazaar is what we see on GitHub. Many people modifying source code to do something that solves a problem for them or proposing that someone fix a problem that they might be able to fix but want the idea out there are examples of the Bazaar style of development.

I preferred environment is the Bazaar environment because I think that there's strength in numbers and the more people that look at something the more obvious problems/issues/bugs are found which makes everything easier.

### Musing on Open Source Software Business Models
I believe that this article is spot on and is actually something that I personally have noticed how open-source is becoming somewhat of a buzzword when looking for software engineering roles. I think the role that open-source is currently playing in the current market is just scratching the surface of what is to come. Then again, I might be wrong and it could be a phase but let's hope I'm not.

# Blog 05/03/2019
Apart from the readings that we had this week, we learned about merging and rebasing. This was super helpful for me because as I have come to figure out, we see something done online when we search for how to solve x problem and do it without thinking about it. Actually knowing the differences and more importantly, the **consequences** of each of them is super helpful.

Once again, freeCodeCamp is slacking somewhat on the pull requests. There doesn't seem to be a pattern as to why this is happening but it is still on going. I will give an update whenever my group gets one. For now, here is the link the open [pull request](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/35741).
