---
layout: post
title: Week 10 Blog
---
# Contributing To Wikipedia
Next week we will begin to discuss Wikipedia with the goal of making contributions in the form of edits. In preparation for next week, this week we read [Contributing to Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contributing_to_Wikipedia#Getting_started) and [A Primer for Newcomers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:A_primer_for_newcomers). These articles discuss:

- Steps on Getting Started
- Community Protocols and Conventions
  - Gives guidelines on how to act/react to something like a deletion
- Basics of Contributing
- Things to Expect from the Community

Overall, these articles are a good read for someone who has never contributed to Wikipedia. It is similar to an open-source project found on GitHub, they have a set of rules about certain ways to go about things which they clearly state.

# Blog 04/05/2019

Apart from the readings that were mentioned above, this week we also learned more about Unix/Linux. It was very helpful to learn more about it because while I knew most of the commands, I didn't know certain things like specifications on commands in order to achieve what you want to do faster.

### freeCodeCamp

Last week I mentioned that my pull request was merged, so this week I worked on finding another guide I can contribute to. I looked through the their [C++ Vector Guide](https://guide.freecodecamp.org/cplusplus/vector) and I noticed a frequent use of the std::sort() function in their examples. I also noticed that the time complexity for the function was never mentioned in that guide of the sorting algorithms guide. I think that knowing such information is important especially for someone is new at learning about sorting algorithms or want to use a short-hand method like std::sort(). I added the time complexity of std::sort() and also the type of sorting algorithm it uses internally. Here is my [pull request](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/35741). Hopefully next week I have good news about this pull request!
