---
layout: post
title: Week 1 Activities and Blog Post
---

# Open Source and Free Software
A difference between the definitions of Open Source Software and Free Software can be seen when discussing the distribution of multiple programs. 

According to the [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/osd), "The license must not place restrictions on other software that is distributed along with the licensed software. For example, the license must not insist that all other programs distributed on the same medium must be open-source software". In other words, the license for an open source software should not restrict other software that it is being distributed with. 

Free Software, on the other hand, requires that any program or software that free software is being distributed with must also be free. So if a free software program launches into another program, in order for the initial program to be distributed, the program that it is launched to must also be free. In the same scenario, if we replace free software with open source software, we wouldn't even be concerned if the program that it launched to is open source as well.

# Contributing to OpenStreetMap
I wasn't expecting to find many locations that had not been updated and/or never added, but when I started looking at places in
which I was familiar with I found out that I was very wrong. There is a mini outlet mall by where I used to live and basically
nothing had been updated. I added the name, address, and other information to a few stores such as Gamestop, Subway,etc. You
can view these additions in the link below.

[Here's my OpenStreetMap history link](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/johncgenere/history)

# Blog 02/01/2019

This is the first week of the Open Source Software Development course in Spring 2019 and it was an eventful one. We started off
by learning the definitions of Open Source and Free Software, which we then used to spot the differences between them. I think 
that it is very important to know the differences because some may believe that they are interchangeable when they aren't. We 
also made contributions to OpenStreetMap, above I have a link with the contributions I made. Overall it was a good introduction
to those who are not familiar with this material and also a good refresher for those who took this course last semester. 
