---
layout: post
title: Week 11 Blog
---

# Articles Read This Week
This week we were assigned to read two articles which were [Personalities in Open Source Projects](https://opensource.com/open-organization/18/11/design-communities-personality-types?utm_campaign=intrel) and [25 Years Later: Interview with Linus Torvalds](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/25-years-later-interview-linus-torvalds).

#### Personalities in Open Source Projects
This article was rather interesting as it discussed open-source from an angle that I had not thought of before. The personalities within an open-source community is not usually what I think of when I think about open-source but I think it is interesting to discuss it as *Laura Hilliger* did. She mentions that, "when designing open source projects, you want to ensure that you build architectures of participation for everyone". This is meant to create an inclusive community that is accepting of various personalities even if they contradict each other. I agree with this because not everyone is the same so what someone views as approachable, another person might not and I think it is important to accommodate both sides of the coin.

#### 25 Years Later: Interview with Linus
This interview was very intriguing to me because this interview not only showed us Linus in the technical sense but in the personal sense as well. Linux has become massive over the years and to know that he didn't really look to far into the future but rather day by day is really amazing. When he talked about his "do something interesting until it does everything I needed, and then find something else to do" projects, I laughed a bit because I sometimes feel like thats how I categorize my personal projects. His personal take on social media is often seen and understandable but I would not fully agree with him on it.

# Blog 04/12/2019
This past week has been more of what were doing the prior week; learning more about Unix/Linux. Other than that, we have a few readings to do as seen above and also working on our open-source contributions.

### freeCodeCamp
As mentioned last week, I opened another [pull request](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/35741) but it is still open. In the mean time, I have been searching through the issues to see if I can try to close any one of them but I have had little to no luck. Hopefully, I have better news next week!
