---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# Blog 03/15/2019

In [last week's blog post](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/johncgenere-weekly/blob/gh-pages/_posts/2019-03-08-week06.md), I mentioned three issues that I thought I could fix from the open source project I will be
working on this semester (freeCodeCamp). So far I only have an update on this issue:
- [Allow username display to be case-insensitive](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/35525)
  - Description (as seen on the issue)
    - We want to store a case-sensitive version of usernames for display both in the URL and on the profile itself.
  - Reasoning
    - The reasoning behind my selection of this issue is more of wanting a challenge/extra-practice for the current language I
      am using for most of my projects this semester, JavaScript.
      
I have been looking into the issue and trying to find the correct files in which the changes need to be made. I dabbled a bit 
on my local machine and at first I thought I had something, but I guess not because I saw no changes in the username. That is where
I am at now, soon I will incorporate the rest of my team and see if we can check off the 5 points on the issue.

## Patrick Masson's Class Visit

During the meeting on March 12th, 2019, Patrick Masson from the Open Source Initiative(OSI) stopped by the class and talked
to us about variety of topics within open-source. I was really surprised with the statistics of regarding the use of 
open-source by companies. I was always under the impression that companies used open-source but I was not expecting for the 
percentage of companies that run on open-source would be greater than 75%. It honestly opened my eyes a bit more in terms of 
the increase of importance of open-source in the tech-world.
